README.md, before:

Objectives
==========
To run ping and trace route command.
1. Ping command

   Ping by TCP/IP:
   * Use Java API `InetAddress.isReachable()`
   
   Ping by ICMP:
   * Use network library [pcap4j](https://www.pcap4j.org/) to send packet
   
2. Trace route command
   * Although trace route can be run by sending UDP packet, this implementation uses ICMP.
   In this way, the implementation of Trace route is an extension of Ping by ICMP  

The library *pcap4j* requires the pcap network library to be available to the application. An alternative solution is to
excute an arbitrary OS command (ping/traceroute/tracert) by `Runtime.getRuntime().exec("OS command")`. However, it is
more interesting to craft the packet ourself and implement the protocol, even in its basic format.

Compile and Run
===============

1. Compile

   `mvn clean package`

2. Run

   `java -jar uber-jasmine-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar config.properties`

3. Output

The application will log in *jasmine.log* file. We avoid to use any logging library, only use the basic logging provided
by Java core. The report can be found in either a fictious uploading website or a local file *jasmine_report.log*.
The path to the report log file is configurable in the config.properties file

Commit message:

Create executable (#5)
* Fix case machine has private IP only

* Fix bug trace route run forever if all requests timed out

* Load libpcap.so from /tmp

* Add code to load native library dependings on OS annd arch

* Update README.md

* Add sample uber JAR

Co-authored-by: dvu <dinh.vu@agoda.com>

README.md, after:

Objectives
==========
To run ping and trace route command.
1. Ping command

   Ping by TCP/IP:
   * Use Java API `InetAddress.isReachable()`
   
   Ping by ICMP:
   * Use network library [pcap4j](https://www.pcap4j.org/) to send packet
   
2. Trace route command
   * Although trace route can be run by sending UDP packet, this implementation uses ICMP.
   In this way, the implementation of Trace route is an extension of Ping by ICMP  

The library *pcap4j* requires the pcap network library to be available to the application. An alternative solution is to
excute an arbitrary OS command (ping/traceroute/tracert) by `Runtime.getRuntime().exec("OS command")`. However, it is
more interesting to craft the packet ourself and implement the protocol, even in its basic format.

Compile and Run
===============

1. Compile

   `mvn clean package`

2. Run
   * In general, the program can be run as following, provided that the native library Pcap is available in search path
   of shared libraries (MacOSX, *nix) or the paths in the PATH environment variable (Windows) 
   `java -jar uber-jasmine-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar config.properties`
   
   2.1 Linux
   * Copy _libpcap.so_ or _libpcap64.so_ depends on the OS architure from `/libpcapfiles/linux` to the `/tmp` folder
   * Require sudo privilege to detect all the network interfaces(see `Pcaps.findAllDevs()`) 
   `sudo java -jar uber-jasmine-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar config.properties`
   
   2.2 Windows
   * Not yet tested as I do not have a Windows machine
   
   2.3 Mac OSX
   * Copy _libpcap.1.8.1.dylib_ from `/libpcapfiles/macos` to the `/tmp` folder
   * Run
   `java -jar uber-jasmine-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar config.properties`

The application was developed and tested on Mac OSX. A sample _uber_ jar file can be found in `build/uber-jasmine-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`    
3. Output

The application will log in the same folder as the _uber_ jar, *jasmine.log* file. We avoid to use any logging library, only use the basic logging provided
by Java core. The report can be found in either a fictious uploading website or a local file *jasmine_report.log*.
The path to the report log file is configurable in the config.properties file (See `report.path`)
